[DOCS-1316] Add benchmarking details for MT SaaS (#1258)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/hosting-options/saas_cloud.md

W&B Multi-tenant Cloud is a fully managed platform deployed in W&B's Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account in [GPC's North America regions](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones). W&B Multi-tenant Cloud utilizes autoscaling in GCP to ensure that the platform scales appropriately based on increases or decreases in traffic. 

{{< img src="/images/hosting/saas_cloud_arch.png" alt="SaaS Cloud architecture diagram" >}}

> W&B Multi-tenant Cloud scales to meet your organization's needs, and supports logging up to 500,000 metrics per project with up to 1 million data points per metric.

Author: ```suggestion
W&B Multi-tenant Cloud scales to meet your organization's needs, and supports logging up to 250,000 metrics per project with up to 1 million data points per metric. For larger deployments, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com).
```
